They won against big artist like DBSK , Big_Bang , Lee_Hyori , and Rain making them the top girl group of the year .
Right after the promotions of " Nobody " ended , the girls ' started to get ready for their first ever concert .
Having a their own concert was a big achievement because the last time a girl group held a concert was 10 years ago from girl group " Fin . K . L " .
They were also the first girl group to hold an overseas concert .
The concert kicked off in Thailand then went to the United_States ( heading 3 concerts LA , OC , and NY ) and then finally ending two concerts in South_Korea ( Busan and Seoul ) .
After the concert ended the girls ' packed their bags and flew to their JYP Headquarters in New_York where they had the opportunity to be one of the opening acts for mega boy band Jonas_Brothers .
The_Wonder_Girls ' released their English version of " Nobody " on June 26th , 2009 and began their tour with the Jonas_Brothers on June 27th , 2009 coincidentally the same day as Sohee ' s birthday .
After the tour ended , the girls went back to their home in New_York and started working on their first English album , that is set to release sometime in November of 2009 .
This marketing tactic was a huge success that it landed the girls on the main BillBoard Chart , ranking at # 76 on October 22nd , 2009 .
Wonder_Girls ' Lim , an expert in the Chinese language , seems to have been a translator since junior high .
Wonder_Girls ' Lim recently revealed a photo of her days as a translator .
On_March 3 , Lim uploaded the photo through her me 2day account , writing " When I was in 6th grade , at a judo competition . "
In one of the photos , Sohee wears a pair of skin - tight jeans and a striped nautical shirt , looking summery and free .
Her skinny frame perfected the " flawless skinny fit " , allowing no room for photoshop .
Sohee ' s pictorial from " High_Cut " is featured in the 76th issue of the magazine , which was published on May 3 .
Unpublished pictures and behind - the-scene snapshots are also available on High_Cut ' s website .
" High_Cut " also revealed these previously unpublished picture as well as BTS video clips through its digital magazine application for i Pad .
Meanwhile , Sohee is also seen with her eyes closed in her latest group photo with fellow members of the Wonder_Girls .
At first I though that maybe the camera shot was too late and Sohee accidentally closed her eyes .
T-ara is a 6-member girl group out of Core_Contents_Media .
T-ara debuted on July 29th 2009 on MBC ' s ' Golden_Fishery ' , they are the first group to debut on a variety TV show .
T-ara ' s members are Eunjeong ( the leader ) , Hyomin , Jiyeon , Soyeon , Qri , and Boram .
Early_June 2009 two months before the girls ' official debut , former leader Jiae and member Jiwon quit the group .
They believed that the concept of T-ara did not match them .
Immediately after , Jeon_Boram , the daughter of Jeon_Youngrok was added into T-ara .
Three weeks before T-ara ' s official debut , Soyeon and Qri were added into T-ara .
These are all the YouTube links to T-ara ' s music videos ( music videos to songs they participate in ) .
This is only to inform people of T-ara ' s music and concept .
Girl group T-ara member , Boram , melted her male fans ' hearts .
On_March 14 , rumors of T-ara possibly switching their members and the overall concept of the group have surfaced online .
The group added Hwayoung in November 2010 , becoming a seven member group , and this would be the second time that T-ara made changes to their group structure .
Girl group T-ara member , Hwayoung , and SISTAR member , Dasom , revealed a no makeup selca picture taken together .
Hwayoung uploaded a picture on her Twitter with the caption : " With_Dasom , at Paris " .
In the revealed selca picture , Hwayoung is smiling widely while winking .
Dasom is holding the camera with one hand and also smiling brightly while snuggling close to Hwayoung .
The two girls look friendly as they pose on top of a bed with no makeup .
In the photo , Hyomin is seen wearing a towel on her head and a shower gown , making a funny face as she stares into the camera .
She is indeed wearing a facial mask to moisturize and soften her skin .
But fans have rather been impressed by her friendly , girl-next-door image , as it ' s rare that a celebrity share moments like this with their fans .
Netizens commented , " I don ' t think her skin would require a facial " , " Loving every moment of this " , and " Am I the only one who ' s a bit scared off by this ? "
Eun_Ji_Won appeared on the February 28 episode of KBS 2 " Kim_Seung_Woo ' s Win_Win " .
Eun_Ji_Won spoke about being an international student in Hawaii and made a shocking statement , " When I was an international student in Hawaii , I was an illegal alien . "
The reason was that Eun_Ji_Won did not adjust well to Hawaii and he was going through puberty .
He stated , " I had to continue to go to school in order to keep my school visa . "
However , I missed so many classes that I ended up being dispelled from school .
Earlier today , producers of KBS2 " Happy_Sunday - One_Night , Two_Days ( 1N2D ) " announced the final filming location for the popular variety show .
As previously reported , the last recording of " 1N2D " will be tomorrow , February 10 .
1N2D Season 2 promotions begin without Lee_Seung_Gi and Eun_Ji_Won .
We previously reported that the date of the last recording of " 1N2D " has been announced .
The continuation of KBS hit variety show " 1 Night 2 Days " has been garnering a lot of attention recently as it was announced that season 2 had officially started promotions through a preview .
Bobby_Kim stated , " A lot of hip_hop musicians will join the stage for the 10 year anniversary concert and that is very meaningful . "
I thank all of the guests that will join us despite their busy schedules .
There has been many speculations about how Park_Geun_Hye ' s position as a famous and influential politician has helped Eun_Ji_Won ' s entertainment and singing career .
Eun_Ji_Won denied such speculations saying , " Many people think that having an influential politician as an aunt would give me some kind of privileges . "
It ' s a rather difficult situation for me to deal with as I have to be cautious and behave in politically sensitive times .
He added , " It ' s not like she ' s producing my albums or casting me on shows . "
Although_Park_Geun_Hye ' s political career does not affect Eun_Ji_Won , she has been supportive of his career all along .
Eun_Ji_Won commented , " I think she is being considerate as she doesn ' t take up political issues with me . "
On the show , Eun_Ji_Won also showed great respect for his aunt .
He said , " It must be hard to be a politician as there are a lot of things to deal with . "
New boy group MYNAME has released their debut music video " Message " today .
Boy group MYNAME has released their debut teaser for " Message " !
They will be making their debut performance this week on M ! Countdown .
If you ' re a fan of Hwanhee , you ' ve most likely heard of his new boy group , MYNAME , who ' s slated for their debut in just a few days .
The group is considered his last present before he enlists in the army and many are highly anticipating whether the boys will make an impact on the industry like their senior was able to .
Singer_Hwanhee ( age 29 ) has been enlisted for the army and will temporarily say goodbye to his fans .
On_October 17 , sources revealed , " Hwanhee ' s enlistment date has been decided . "
After success in duo Fly_To_The_Sky with fellow member Brian_Joo , Hwanhee ' s first full - length album has been released .
After working on a number of mini albums and later having a problem with his vocal health , the singer is back to form with a self - titled album .
Earlier , we revealed that vocalist Hwanhee would be debuting his very own group next month .
With two members already revealed , Hwanhee has revealed a third member along with their official group name .
The boys were called " Hwanhee_Boys " prior to their debut due to being produced by Hwanhee , but have revealed their new official name to be MYNAME .
Former_Fly to the Sky member Hwanhee has joined the South_Korean army today .
Hwanhee debuted in 2000 as a member of Fly to the Sky with Brian_Joo .
Following the breakup of the group , Hwanhee worked as a solo singer while also producing a new idol group , MYNAME , who ' s expected to have their comeback performance today .
Lee_Yoon_Ji did not recognize Hyun_Bin as her college Sunbae .
Brian doesn ' t like when people say FTTS has broken up .
It has been 2 days since I came home from 2 and a half weeks in New_York .
As I gradually make the transition from living the hustle and bustle of busy city life to the more relaxed , slower pace of an island town i catch myself from doing certain things .
In_New_York I could j - walk as much I wanted to , without any major violations .
In_Hawaii I believe its an 87 dollar fine each time you j - walk .
Another one is walking fast and with reckless abandon for the safety or space of your fellow pedestrians .
So its common practice to walk the sidewalks and throwing bows to fend off people who are slower than you .
In_Hawaii this practice is looked down upon and will probably land you in jail .
The trip was awesome , I worked hard , partied hard and over all had a blast being the tourist .
I did all the requisite things a tourist must do .
I went to times square , took a picture in front of the blaring neon .
I went to Ellis_Island and the Statue of Liberty , needless to say this trip took my breath away .
To think that these people spent their entire life savings to make a trip to America , to better their lives and still had no guarantee of citizenship .
I ate well , if you know my FB you ' ve seen me go totally asian and photograph every meal i ate pretty much with my iphone and upload them directly to my iphone .
I ' m not an alcoholic by any means , in fact i normally tend to stay away from alcohol .
But something about being in New_York made me want to drink .
For example the most Soju I ever drank was 3 shots amongst friends .
It ' s not the strongest drink in the world , but its the sense of companionship that it instills in people .
Something that probably ruined my Pho eating experiences here in Hawaii .
To my knowledge no place here serves soju with pho .
I had a blast in New_York and i would love to go back and explore the city more so than i did .
But , no place compares to my home here in the Islands .
Born_Kwon_Ji_Yong , G-Dragon is the leader , rapper as well as co - producer of boy band Big_Bang .
In 2009 , he released his debut solo album , Heartbreaker , which became very successful but was plagued by plagiarism controversy .
However , sooner or later people will know the truth themselves .
As we know , BIGBANG reported that they could have disbanded if it weren ' t for the incidents .
It is difficult to describe G-Dragon ( 21 , Kwon_Ji - Yong ) in a word .
He is the leader of an idol - group from YG entertainment , and known as ' perfectionist Ji-Yong ' or ' Jingyo ' among the fans .
He is good at not only lyric - making but also in composition , and is also a fashionista who makes everything from scarves from sunglasses he put on as major trends .
To summarize , he is way too powerful as an idol , but too lovely as a musician .
G-Dragon became a member of ' Little_Rula ' when he was 5 years old ( his mom made him so ) , and grew to be a grade 6 rapper in 2001 , with hiphop - style baggy pants and tilted baseball cap .
He was noticed by Yang_Hyunsuk of Seotaji and the Boys , and became a trainee of YG Entertainment .
For the next 6 years , he trained and sang thousands of times , and learned how to dance with repetitive fallings .
In_August of 2006 , Big_Bang successfully debuted , and not even after 3 years , they are the most famous idol star in Korea .
G-Dragon is known as the " genius idol " among the fans , as the style icon , and the master of lyric - making and composition .
In one of the cable TV program , he was ranked first as " the celebrity one wants to possess " .
His stylist , hair designer , manger , photographer , choreographer all say that he ' s a born - celebrity , but he also had the time of a flower bud before being a full - blown flower .
How did a five - year old boy , Kwon_Ji - Yong become the best idol - star G-Dragon .
Entered YG in 2000 , was in charge of styling 1TYM , Lexy and more , and was in charge of Big_Bang since 2006 of documentary production .
When I was placed with Big_Bang , the company wanted each member to be recognized even when saw from far away .
Based on hiphop style , the overall concept was formal manliness collaborated with casual idol - image , and being unique .
The another thing the company wanted was that the differences between " everyday-look " and " stage-look " should be as minimized as possible .
Because if the gap between is too large , people do not think them as " stylish " .
Because they pay attention on fashion in everyday lives , all the members are rated as fashionista .
Especially , Ji-Yong and Tae_Yang learned a lot from JinuSean and 1Tym while being trainees at YG for 6 years .
In the beginning , they could not ask where JinuSean and 1Tym got their clothings and accessories ; so they went to Dong-Dae-Moon and Yi-Tae-Won themselves to find them out .
Even now , Ji-Yong calls me when buying his own clothings to ask whether they are still in season .
Some fans think Ji-Yong was born with all the talents .
However , Ji-Yong in my mind , is ' a genius who tries really hard ' , whether it be music or fashion .
Even when he is really busy , he is never behind in collecting information on fashion and music over internet .
When styling Big_Bang , I never let them wear something you can get easily in Korea .
Before their new performances take place , I usually buy something unique from abroad .
However , if all the wardrobe collection is 10 , only 2 of them are store - bought , and the rest 8 are custom - designed by the styling team .
4 stylists , including me , buy everything from the fabric to accessories , and design .
There are members who look better with more stuffs added on , and there are members who look better with less .
He is also the one who says " no " seldomly with suggested style .
If there is a clear concept , he can pull off unique shorts , red pants to green suit .
When my Russian friends told me partying in London was rubbish compared with the nightlife in their country , I was sceptical .
As a showbiz journalist in London I am used to drinking champagne , but even I was blown away when I saw more than 50 different labels on display .
They told me you could do pretty much anything you wanted in Russia 24 hours a day .
British passport - holders wanting to visit Russia need a visa but there are several tour companies that can arrange it .
The hotel was opened in 1912 and has been carefully restored to the original style .
On our first night we had dinner in the hotel restaurant , Davidov , so I could try genuine Russian cuisine .
Some tourists visiting St_Petersburg spend all their time in the streets around Nevsky_Prospekt , but Ev and Katya told me we needed to make the most of different districts of the city during out stay .
St_Petersburg is made up of 101 islands and 66 canals , so it can be difficult to know where to start , but Vasilievsky island has a reputation for decent cafes , bars and clubs .
The top clubs also have an admission charge , but unlike London clubs , where you pay £ 20 for entry , most night spots in St_Petersburg charge £ 10 or less .
We dined at a trattoria - style venue called Na_Zdorov ' e , sitting on Russian-style wooden tables with paintings of old communist leaders watching over us .
The next morning I woke early to see some of St_Petersburg in the daylight and soak up some culture .
I started with a two - hour cruise of the River_Neva - a supersized version of the Thames - and its adjoining canals .
It was an ideal way to ease into sightseeing for me , after three nights in high heels .
And this way you can always make a list of buildings you want to return to and explore later .
I ventured inside the Hermitage_Museum that afternoon , which is a complex of six buildings including the Winter_Palace .
I made the most of it by deciding in advance what I wanted to see and heading straight there .
With my time in St_Petersburg coming to an end , I started planning my journey to Moscow .
You can get an overnight train from St_Petersburg , which takes eight hours , but if you are on a tight schedule , the flying time is just one hour 20 minutes .
In_Moscow , we stayed in the Metropol_Hotel , on the edge of Red_Square .
You can see the iconic domes of St_Basil ' s Cathedral from many of the rooms .
We thought this would be useful as we weren ' t sure we would actually get much time to sightsee as well as party .
Then it was time to dance off the calories at a nightclub called Famous , which is where a lot of Russian celebrities hang out .
Even the people looked newer and more expensive , and designer labels such as Louis_Vuitton and Dolce_Gabbana were everywhere .
This was reflected in the prices of drinks , which were on average as much as £ 3 more expensive than those in St_Petersburg .
Twenty years after Michael_Palin filmed Around_The_World_In 80 Days , six pairs of celebrities set off on a global relay race to raise money for Children_In_Need .
It begins with a very early start in Ulan_Bator , capital of Mongolia , on July 16 .
The alarm goes off at 5am and , as I wake in Ulan_Bator , I face a gruelling 23-hour working day , which will end only when I reach Siberia .
There ' s just enough time for some curried noodles for breakfast before we jump into a Jeep with oversize wheels .
They have just enough time to give us a bottle of vodka and some dried noodles before we rush to catch our train to Russia .
It ' s like the Wild_West ; wooden houses , pretty blue windows and calves wandering down the dusty street .
She is a Buddhist , looks Mongolian rather than Russian and doesn ' t speak a word of English .
She has a mobile phone and satellite TV but no running water , and the loo is a hole in the ground in the cow ' s field .
We haven ' t washed for days so we jump at the offer of a trip to the river .
The sheets smell dirty and the window doesn ' t open , but at least we can turn down the Russian radio .
There is a bathroom at the end of each corridor with a loo and a basin which is spotlessly clean .
Bill and I have a delicious egg , bacon , tomato and onion omelette for breakfast , and the Russians are already drinking vodka .
For the first time I feel really homesick and have to remind myself I am doing this for Children_In_Need .
Guests can also fly into Albany_International_Airport or Stewart_Airport in Newburgh .
With all of the charm and beauty of a quintessential New_England town , Saratoga_Springs has its own unique culture and history .
What I love about the Casino is that it retains its original beauty and character .
Laurie_Ann_Gibson also talked about BIGBANG ' s possibility to take on the world stage .
She says , " The whole world is not yet aware of Bigbang so I ' m very excited to be working with them . "
I ' m impressed by how they don ' t complain or get upset when things get tough .
She also revealed how she wants to bring BIGBANG to the world without changing their lyrics or their music .
Just like she said , Laurie_Ann_Gibson is prepared to help BIGBANG take that leap onto the world stage .
G-Dragon adds a significant piece of news by saying , " It ' s time for BIGBANG to upgrade to the next level . "
While_Hallyu is a great arena for Korean artists , it is now the right time for our music to go out into the world .
He boldly dreams and adds , " We want to introduce the world to all the great Korean artists we have in the Hallyu wave . "
BIGBANG declared all six of their new songs as title tracks .
Usually , a group will choose one song as their title track and promote it to sell their album .
TOP explains , " We will show one or two songs a week . "
We won ' t do our promotional activities based on a set schedule .
G-Dragon says , " We think the fans will love this because each song has a different feel to it . "
I think it is the song that has the most BIGBANG feel to it .
There is a strong beat and a melody that many people will love .
Blue is filled with the emotional lyrics that all of you have been craving for .
When asked about their feelings in making this long awaited comeback , BIGBANG leader G-Dragon gave an answer .
He says , " This concert is like our first broadcast stage . "
More so than before , we are excited to go on the new stage all together as a five - member group .
Just as much as the audience is excited to see us , we feel the pressure that much more .
At the same time , we are thrilled to show an upgraded BIGBANG .
I ' ll dance to the melancholy tune of my title song , " Falling " .
Just like other girl groups , isn ' t it about time that Miss A show that they , too , have a feminine side ?
Since they are nearing a full three years since their debut , they feel it ' s about time to prepare for a change .
Min says , " If someone said Miss A , it was always linked with a strong image . "
Many expected us to come out with an even stronger image the next time around .
More than fear of failing , Miss A has faith that they will be able to pull this change off well .
They believe they have even greater charms to show , more than they have already shown so far .
Fei adds , " There will definitely be a concept that fits us . "
But , there ' s more to us than what our abilities have shown so far .
That ' s why we weren ' t afraid to challenge ourselves with a new image .
We feel confident that we can now show an even better stage performance .
I ' m curious and looking forward to seeing how people will react to our new look .
They have taken extra steps to complete their girl transformations .
It ' s not just about the choreography , outfits , and the hair .
They spent great efforts to make their hand gestures more feminine .
They expressed a hurt girl ' s feelings through their lyrics .
The title track , " Touch " , is about a girl who faces the pain of a break - up and the hurt she carries around .
Even though a new love comes her way , she is still stuck on her pain .
It ' s a song about a girl ' s natural instinct to protect herself from further pain .
In order to portray this new soft feminine lady image , the filming of their music video was also vastly different from their usual ones .
For the first time , Miss A filmed directly with a male actor .
Ultimately , they were able to capture that instinctive human emotion of loneliness and create a music video that they are satisfied with .
Suzy explains , " We filmed the music video for two days . "
We had to lean on him and act , so I think it was the best way to get the lyrics across .
Each member also did their best to give off sorrowful expressions .
Thanks to everyone ' s hard work , I think we were able to finish creating an awesome music video .
We are preparing for a stage performance so awesome it will make others jealous .
Miss A will show unique dance moves that will put them at a different class altogether .
Their dance stresses on their fingertips with a charming transformation that only Miss A can show .
Jia and Suzy state , " Park_Jin_Young PD first thought of a choreography that consisted of modern dance . "
Instead , there are movements resembling shooting a gun and the likes that stress the movements of the fingertips .
It ' s a different style of imagery including strong gazes at our fingertips .
If you pay attention to these aspects of our choreography , we ' re sure you ' ll feel our dance is definitely something else .
In order to portray the voice of a girl hurt by a love gone wrong , they took out a lot of the power in their voice during recording .
Right from the intro , the title track " Touch " has a synthesizer beat repeating throughout the song .
Just listening to the song once is enough to have the beat from the intro running in your head all day .
Min and Fei add , " We liked the title track from the moment we first heard it . "
From the start , the synthesized part that is repeated instantly becomes the part you can ' t forget .
That ' s why we think this song isn ' t just for teenagers but will also be appreciated by older people as well .
From their songs , choreography , dance , expressions , and even their outfits , they will definitely continue to show a vibrant stage performance .
They are sexy as well , albeit a different flavor of sexy .
This is something that Park_Jin_Young wanted to see from them , as well .
Fei and Suzy say , " We ' ve thought a lot about the term ' sexy ' since our trainee days . "
We felt that real sexy came from confident expressions and great choreography , just like Beyonce and Rihanna .
The bandage dress represents covering up wounds , while the lacy rose - print one gives off the feminine vibe .
Rather than an outright sexy image , we think people will be able to construct a story out of the images we provide them .
All they have left is to show what they ' ve got on stage .
Miss A is definitely looking forward to hearing positive responses from their fans , as this album was made with love .
They plan on giving a stage performance full of zeal and confidence .
Miss A will show an even more perfect form on stage .
Miss A concludes , " We are looking forward to making a long - awaited comeback . "
Just as a flower blossoms , Miss A would like to blossom as well .
We worked hard to prepare for this comeback , paying attention to outfits , make-up , and expressions .
It ' s not an exaggeration to say that Jay_Park has put his everything into his first official album .
I ' ve put all my heart and soul into my first official album .
During the past year , I composed about 30 songs and recorded 20 songs in all .
Especially since I composed all the songs in the album except for two of them , it ' s no wonder my affection for the album is special .
Regarding this question , the confident Jay_Park responded with the surprising answer , " Maybe ? " .
The title song , " Know_Your_Name " was more popular with foreign fans than with Korean fans .
My album ranked # 1 on the i Tunes R& B chart in the U . S . , Canada , Australia , and Japan .
I think it ' s probably because my songs are more similar to American pop than K-Pop .
I grew up listening to a lot of American pop , so my songs contain that part of me .
Except for two songs , Jay_Park participated in the composition of all the songs on the album .
However , he modestly stated that he is still lacking to be recognized as a true musician .
I think I could be accepted as a singer - songwriter .
But that doesn ' t mean I don ' t have any ambitions to be a musician .
But I think instead of being average at several things at once , it ' s better to work hard at one thing .
Although the movie wasn ' t a big success , Jay_Park ' s appearance caused some excitement from the fans .
I think the movie was a good experience for me .
( Laughs ) When the next opportunity comes , I want to look over the role and scenario first , and try acting again .
However , Jay_Park emphasized that music is more enjoyable for him .
If I get the chance to do a movie again , I want to focus one thing , whether it ' s music or acting .
Jay_Park was the former leader and performing expert of 2PM .
He has since been recognized as a solo artist , but Jay_Park , the person is still unknown to the public .
But my fans seem to really like seeing pictures of me smiling .
I might have been misunderstood because of this , but I hope people will come to like me the way I am .
I ' m the type that doesn ' t care about what people think .
( Laughs ) I hope this comeback will let me be in the spotlight for a while , and maybe the real Jay_Park , the person , will be revealed .
Lastly , Jay_Park finished , " I got to learn a lot of things while working on my new album . "
I will try to actively participate in more activities from now on .
I worked very hard on the choreography and performance , and will continue to work hard in the future .
I will show you the real singer Jay_Park , so please look forward to it .
No longer the former leader of 2PM , Jay_Park has returned to the music industry with his own special musical colors .
I ' m kind of new at this , but I ' ll try to be more careful in the future .
I really wish Jay the best with this album and I hope people support him by purchasing it .
As far as I know he co - produced on track that included Justin .
It was on T . I . ' s album Dead and Gone so he is not the primary producer for Justin .
Why can ' t Soompi check credits before writing comments like this .
On_Justin ' s first album , it ' s was primarily produced by the Neptunes with two stand out singles produced by Timbo and then on his second album it was all produced by Timbaland , Danja , and Justin .
Working with an artist on one track doesn ' t make you the producer for the artist .
One day as Gaeko is delivering Soo_Hyun ' s uniform to her workplace , he sees Soo_Hyun with Choiza and realizes that they are together .
Choize confronts Gaeko , asking if the person that he said he liked happened to be Soo_Hyun .
Of course , Gaeko lies and says that she is just a regular customer .
With a broken heart , Gaeko tells Soo_Hyun that he hopes that everything will work out with her and her boyfriend .
The first three teaser videos include part of the song and introduce just the names of the band members .
The fourth teaser video presents scenes with a dark and mysterious feel while all five members gather together .
The five members are : Hee_Jae , Dong_Min , Hyun_Sun , Du_Hwan and Park_Tae_Yang , the last being criticized for using his real name " Taeyang " due to confusion with Big_Bang ' s Taeyang .
Their song " She is Coming " is a rock ' n ' roll track with strong beats and guitar riffs combined with the powerful and attractive voices of the members .
Their debut album is titled " Last_Night " and they will be releasing their debut single online on January 6 .
If these were all movie trailers I would not go see the movie after seeing these , Beast and A_Pink ' s " Skinny_Baby " and Alexander ' s " I_Just " I have low hopes for 2012 .
These are all bad in my opinion , but hey maybe it just needs to grow on me .
These teasers may suck but it doesn ' t sound all that bad .
I have a feeling that I am going to love this song as well as Chaos .
Seo_In_Young has just released a teaser for her new music video .
On_November 14 , a teaser video for her new song " Oh_My_Gosh " from her mini album was uploaded on her official homepage .
Although it was a short 34 seconds , it is a hot topic and fans are eagerly awaiting the official video .
Similar to her hairstyle a few years ago , her hair is short and styled to the side , making Seo_In_Young look sophisticated and classy .
With a strong electronic background sound and an addictive chorus , Seo_In_Young ' s powerful vocals are brought to life .
The anticipation and expectations for this song continue to rise .
Her mini new album , " Brand_New_Elly " , is set to release on November 16 , with a comeback stage on Mnet " M ! Countdown " scheduled for November 17 .
All the members , except Yoona who was at the time filming her drama , were bright and cheerful , always kept a smile and fully cooperated throughout the interview .
I wish people wouldn ' t compare us to other girl groups when it comes to Japanese_Arena concerts or our performances overseas .
SNSD has collaborated with producer Teddy_Riley , who is famous for producing for the late Michael_Jackson , in order to take the world by storm .
Through_America ' s Universal_Music_Group , SNSD is planning to release their third full album " The_Boys " worldwide , starting from America , Europe , South_America and of course , Asia .
Their new song " The_Boys " has boldly broken out from the trend of " hook-songs " and have gone with a powerful drum sound and rhythm with a unique configuration of beats and harmonization , creating a pop - urban dance number .
Through many variety shows and TV appearances SNSD has been a familiar face on screen , however , it has been approximately 11 months since SNSD has made a comeback to the Korean music scene .
The girls mentioned that in order to show their fans a new upgraded performance , all nine members fully devoted their time into constant practice .
Taeyeon confessed , " Due to all the hard and late night dance practices , we got to the point where it was hard to go up and down the stairs . "
Unlike their hard dance practices , the girls revealed that when it came to recording their title song with Teddy_Riley it was very free and a comfortable atmosphere .
Leader_Taeyeon revealed , " When it came to the day of our recording , Teddy asked us to just dance and stay loose while recording in order to get rid of our nervousness . "
Yuri continued saying , " The atmosphere of the whole recording studio was really comfortable . "
The whole time Teddy got us to bring out character and voice color that each member had .
On this new album , a noticeable point would have to be that it is the first time that all the members have made an attempt at rapping .
Seohyun confessed , " Because this is our first time rapping after we ' ve debuted , we were really worried . "
Through this album we were able to experience a lot of new genres of music .
I ' m especially looking forward to Hyoyeon ' s contribution to the song because ever since we were trainees she was known to have a good sense of beat in rapping and hip - hop dancing .
Even though they are coming back with a full album with a " worldwide " concept the girls announced , " We have no long - term plans on promoting overseas , for the meantime we will just be focusing on our promotions within Korea . "
And also , performing overseas isn ' t the only way we can stay in touch with our international fans .
There are a lot of ways we can stay in touch with our overseas fans , such as YouTube and Facebook .
What is even more special about this new album is that one of the members , Sooyoung , made her first attempt at writing lyrics .
Sooyoung , who has been known for her kindheartedness and strong religion , wrote lyrics for the song " Spring_Day " ( How great is your love ? ) thinking about God and expressing the warm - hearted love that he shared for us .
It is also about the love that we share with our parents , lovers and friends .
I was given this proposition to write lyrics for a song while I was on a break .
I thought about it for a while before I actually accepted to do it .
I put a lot of thought into the lyrics but also had a lot of trouble with it at the same time .
Even up to the day of recording I still hadn ' t finalized it , and even when we were recording it , I was still making changes to the song .
It wasn ' t a laughing matter at the time , but it was still a very memorable experience .
It was mentioned that Tiffany had the most confidence when preparing for the English album , and with that comment Tiffany replied , " Because I grew up with an English-speaking background , preparing for this album wasn ' t too difficult . "
Jessica then commented , " Although we didn ' t specifically study so much before hand , we did however concentrate and put a lot of focus on correcting our pronunciations . "
When asked about entering the America_Billboard_Charts they answered , " We are just happy and honored with the fact that our album gets to be released in America . "
We don ' t really have high expectations to make it onto that chart .
As well as keeping the existing image of SNSD , the girls have now incorporated a " worldwide " concept .
With the anticipation on what the girls will bring out with their new album , the girls spoke out saying , " Our new stage and performance will be cool and powerful . "
We have also broken out of our uniformed outfits and have changed to new looks where each members ' characteristics and image can be clearly expressed .
There will be a lot of new aspects to our performance , so please look forward to our comeback !
However , the girls have chosen to go with a change and slowly show an older and upgraded concept each time .
Even with the whole girl group rivalry and competition , Tiffany and Sooyoung seemed to be enjoying themselves .
They revealed , " Because we are having a comeback after such a long time away , we are just excited to see everyone perform . "
It ' s kind of the feeling where an overseas artist that I liked listening to while growing up was coming to Korea to perform , nerve wrecking , yet exciting .
It was fascinating , but was also an incentive that I need to work harder .
When asked about any episodes or happenings during overseas concerts and performances , Taeyeon revealed , " Once , some cheeky fans tried hugging me while I was performing on stage . "
Also , during our Summer_Sonic performance in Japan we experienced some audio problems and had to stop performing until they fixed it .
Instead of continuing with " hook-songs " , the new song " The_Boys " has completely broken away from the ' hook ' trend and have gone with a song that has a smooth flow from start to finish .
Another difference that this song holds is that instead of worrying about the results the song may bring , the girls have decided to go for change and passion .
Before releasing their English album SNSD successfully completed an Arena_Tour in Japan as well as other overseas concerts .
The girls said they were able to receive a lot of strength after seeing all their fans that had come to see them .
They also talked about the various types of fans that they had come across .
Sooyoung and Seohyun expressed , " We were sad that the only place we could communicate with our fans was through our music on stage . "
As the interview was coming to a close , we asked how the members overcome differences in opinions and decisions .
Tiffany answered , " I think because we all have faith in each other and know what the other is thinking , we were able to come this far . "
Seohyun also added , " It is important that we all communicate on a daily basis . "
Recently , our new hobby is to chat on chatting rooms through Messenger_Apps on our smart phones .
Also , now that the whole group is now adults , we asked about their alcohol intake , and if they drank " soju " at their dorm .
Laughing out loud they answered , " We don ' t drink to get drunk . "
When we have tight schedules , whenever we have spare time , we would prefer to spend it sleeping .
But when we do have casual drinks , because we are girls , we like to enjoy sipping wine at fancy cafes that has a nice atmosphere .
And sometimes i really envy the friendship between these girls .
How old were all of you when you first auditioned ?
Seohyun stated , " We grow physically , mentally and musically with every new album , but doesn ' t mean that we will make drastic changes each time . "
Because full albums consist of many songs we cover a lot of genres and different styles of songs .
For this month , our featured artist is the male vocalist Sung_Si_Kyung .
As an undergraduate student at the Department of Humanities of Korea_University , he participated in a cyber song festival and won the grand prize .
The winners of the song festival released a compilation album , from which Sung_Si_Kyung ' s " The_Road that Leads to Me " became a major hit .
Thanks to popularity of the song the compilation album sold nearly 100 thousand copies , even though it was a promotional album .
This really launched Sung_Si_Kyung to the top of stardom .
Many would say at the drop of a hat that his charm lies in his soft and laid - back image .
Being tall with a favorable first impression , and being blessed with a soft and relaxing voice , Sung_Si_Kyung appeals to everyone .
His fans range from the young and the old , men and women alike .
Officially though , Sung_Si_Kyung ' s debut was in 2001 when he released his first album , " Like the First_Time " .
Mainly consisting of ballads , his debut album recorded three hits and made him the best rookie singer of the year .
Participating as a guest singer on Yoo_Hee_Yeol of Toy ' s album also contributed to his rising popularity .
His second album released in 2002 was also a success , selling more than 650 thousand copies .
He continued to release album after album , averaging about one a year .
Like mentioned earlier , he did not stop at just being a singer .
He appeared in television dramas and sitcoms gaining a favorable response from the public .
He even had his own radio show for about two years called " A_Blue_Night and Sung_Si_Kyung " .
However , the inevitable finally came for Sung , as it does for all Korean males : the mandatory military service .
He started his compulsory service in 2008 and being released in 2010 .
One common thing that was mentioned over and over again was that he seemed different .
They say that the military changes a man , but it was more than that .
He expressed that he had missed performing , music , and his fans so much that he re - entered the industry with even more pleasure than before .
He even held his first comeback concert in October of 2010 , attracting about 6,000 people .
He made his comeback to music industry with this seventh album last month in September .
The album ' s title song " The_First_Time " is a sweet and delicate ballad that was also released earlier this year as a digital single .
He has decided to produce and release a regular album and not a mini or a single album for the fans that have waited for him for a long time .
The album consists of 12 songs composed by singer songwriters Yoon_Sang , Kim_Hyun_Chul and Kang_Seung_Won .
Also included is the Secret_Garden OST song " You ' re My_Spring " .
It ' s been over ten years , but he is one of those singers where another ten years of steam seem like no problem .
Known by many as the King of Ballads , his soft music is the kind that touches the soul .
Then , he walks by feeling like he ' s been observed but there was no one to be seen .
When he leaves , the five girls emerge looking curiously at him .
Besides his special feature on this video , he also encouraged people to support this new girl group .
Recently , rookie male group N : SONIC revealed the first teaser video for their upcoming first mini album " We are Superboys " .
The video shows the members of N : SONIC performing different dance steps while being on the spot light .
All of them were trained in several areas such as dancing and singing and they all were introduced to the public for the very first time through ETN ' s " Hot_Shot " and MBC Every1 ' s " Infinity_Girls " .
Their name is a combination of the word " Neo " ( which means " new " ) and SONIC and they want to prove , according to their agency , that they are sincere guys with strong bases .
Also , they want and have the desire to perform not only on Korean stages , but also in stages all over the world .
So be sure to check them out and tell us what you think !
Recently , Loen_Entertainment unveiled the first teaser video for five - girl rookie group , C-REAL and their song " No_No_No_No_No " featuring MBLAQ ' s Thunder .
In the video , Thunder walks by a snowy and luminous forest that looks like a forest from wonderland .
He feels like someone is watching him but in the end he gives up about that idea and keeps walking .
From the near bushes , five girls emerge looking curiously as indeed they were watching him .
Check out the teaser video below , tell us what you think and don ' t forget to stay tunned to soompi for more updates !
Girl group KARA is going to hold a fan meeting on June 11th at Jamsil_Gymnasium in Seoul to thank their fans for supporting them during their hiatus due to contract disputes with DSP media .
The combination of diverse talents , experiences , and appeal set this new group apart from others .
U-Kiss returns with their sixth mini - album , eight months since their last release .
The title track is " Doradora " , a funky beat number using dubstep .
This powerful dance number was composed by producer Kim_Hyung_Shik and Brian_Kim .
Also included in this album is the Korean version of " Tick_Tock " as well as pop dance number , " 4U " , composed and penned by Park_Jae_Bum .
Ivy finally returns after two years and six months with a ballad mini - album titled , " Interview " .
The title track is " Torn_Heart " , a ballad number which showcases Ivy ' s vocals .
Also included in the album is pop number , " Firefly " as well as the singer now turned songwriter ' s self - composed piece , " Flower " .
Apink has prepared a gift for fans in celebration of their one year anniversary in the music scene .
This gift is " April 19th " , a ballad number thanking fans for their endless love and support .
This song was composed by Kim_Jin_Hwan and penned by Apink member , Park_Cho_Ryong .
Sunny_Hill returns to the music scene once more with , " Is the White_Horse_Coming " , a unique number with interesting beats and style .
The song was composed by hit maker , Lee_Min_Su and penned by Kim_Ina .
It is of the boogie genre , and the song ' s exciting sounds is expected to capture listeners ' interests .
It ' s obvious girls and guys have different perspectives in what they consider attractive and sexy .
Just as guys can ' t understand some of women ' s fashion , women also have trouble comprehending some of men ' s wacky fashion trends .
Sure , we ' re always going to have the " I wear what I wanna wear " peeps , and that ' s perfectly fine .
The only one I disagree a little is the plunging necklines , Jaejoong use a lot of V neck and he looks hot ...
I like its summery look , but it reminds me of something that a stuck - up snob would wear .
A lot of guys in Korea dress like that and most of you seem to go crazy over them .
I don ' t care how smoking hot a guy is but every time I see a guy in a v - neck , I just want to scream .
Some people look okay in them , some folks it ' s just down right dreadful .
I see this in a lot of dramas and I ' ve honestly never seen it in any other country .
They outline a guy in a sexy way , but it can be gross if they have really hairy under arms .
The six management agencies are collaborating to expand the Korean_Wave ( Hallyu ) into an Asian_Wave ( Asianllyu ) .
This really sounds no different from oil companies gathering together to monopolize supplies and control prices . .
I ' m sorry , but it should be the government who deals with Hallyu issues .
The_Official_Guidebook for the co - produced drama by Korea and Japan , Red and Black ( SBS Bad_Guy ) starring Kim_Nam_Gil is to be released on October 28 by Kyodo_News .
Together with Han_Ga_In and Kim_Jae_Wook the thrilling love triangle story attracted attention to viewers .
Red and Black premiered in Japan in September and was rebroadcast with the dubbed version that continuously gained popularity .
However , interview and press - conference for the two actors , Kim_Nam_Gil and Kim_Jae_Wook will be long delayed due to their mandatory military enlistment that will end in 2012 .
He is set to release a follow - up song " Sweet_Memory " on April 25 .
" Sweet_Memory " builds up from the title track " Together " released on March 16 to Oricon_Chart - topping success .
We believe that his special feelings for fans have reached out to Chinese fans .
On_April 7 Lee_Jun_Ki appeared on the " Dong_Fang_Fen_Yun_Bang " awards as a performing singer .
Lee_Jun_Ki wore a tuxedo and showed his powerful performance of his dance song " Born_Again " .
The song was shown off during his Japanese fan meetings .
It looks like Lee_Jun_Ki took a well - deserved " brief break " in between his Japanese fan meetings which began on March 16 and will end on March 19 .
It ' s been getting worse by the episode , but what can you expect when you know that there ' s no possible way for our main characters to get their happily ever after .
A representative of SBS Drama " 1,000 Days ' Promise " stated that Kim_Rae_Won ' s contract stipulates that he gets about $ 50,000 per episode .
Because " 1,000 Days_Promise " will last for 20 episodes , which means he will be making $ 1 million for the complete drama .
For those of you that don ' t know , " 1,000 Days ' Promise " is about a girl Lee_Seo_Yeon ( Soo_Ae ) that is slowly losing her memory because of Alzheimer ' s disease and her lover Park_Ji_Hyung ( Kim_Rae_Won ) .
A four member rookie vocal group named BoM made their debut earlier this year with a crisp white suits and a fresh ballad style that had fans swooning all summer long .
After a few months of brief hiatus , the group has revealed that they will be making their return this month with a new mini - album and a new member in tote .
Soo_Ae showed off a wide range of acting skills through " A_Thousand_Days ' Promise " , from a bed scene to crying out in sorrow .
Her character on the show is " Seo_Yeon " who has fallen in love with " Ji_Hyung " ( Portrayed by Kim_Rae_Won ) who already has a fiance .
Ji_Hyung ends up marrying his fiance and although Seo_Yeon acts all cool on the outside , she cries when she is alone .
After successfully finishing SBS drama " A_Thousand_Days ' Promise " at the end of last year , Kim_Rae_Won has been preparing to start filming for a new movie next month .
According to the prosecutors , Mr . Kim was intoxicated while walking down the street last October .
Mr . A , who was sitting in the back seat of the car at the time , accuses Mr . Kim of starting the whole dispute .
Lee_Min_Ho and Park_Min_Young are nominated for " Best_Couple " for playing lovers on " City_Hunter " .
Though they have admitted to their relationship in August , the two actors are yet to attend an event and step out in public as a couple .
One day he ' s abducted by a group of gangsters , and while being held captive , he has to undergo classes and training .
While being held for a very long time , Hyuk tries to escape several times but always fail miserably and has to suffers the consequences .
He thinks he ' s being trained to become a member of the crime syndicate , but he ' s actually being trained to become a police officer and later a homicide detective .
Only thing though is that the people who are behind his training need him not to only uphold the normal law , but to execute their own view on the law as well .
Lee_Byung_Hun is most famous for acting in Park_Chan - wook ' s " Joint_Security_Area " , Kim_Ji - woon ' s " A_Bittersweet_Life " , and Korean TV Series " IRIS " and " All_In " .
Lee_Byung_Hun said , " Speaking_English and acting in English are two very different tasks . "
Because I need to act in a different language , I need to practice hard enough so that if I suddenly wake up after a nap , I can still say my lines .
He continued , " When a staff member tells me that I pronounced something wrong , my mind goes blank . "
I immediately have to think about pronunciation and that blocks me from thinking about what kind of acting I am doing or what kind of lines I am saying .
The action series IRIS has long been anticipated even before its airing because of its top - notch actors , its extravagant budget and its action plot which is vastly different from mainstream dramas .
As a non - Korean fan who only watches the subbed drama through streaming sites such as Youtube or MySoju , I must say that the first episode of this drama is overwhelming .
The mixture of action , suspense , thrill and surprisingly , a little bit of comedic wit at the side was more than enough to keep me wanting for more .
Also , I ' ve read somewhere that Kim_Tae_Hee and Lee_Byung_Heon did not have chemistry or whatsoever .
Well , personally , I find this statement faulty because Lee_Byung_Heon and Kim_Tae_Hee DID have chemistry .
Kwon debuted in the popular movie , My_Tutor_Friend ( 2003 ) , but it was his character as Cha_Song_Joo in Stairway to Heaven alongside Choi_Ji_Woo that boosted his popularity , especially in Asian countries .
Actor_Kwon_Sang_Woo has revealed some relieving news for his fans , as according to his officials , his ankle injury has recovered enough for him to complete filming his movie , " 12 Chinese_Zodiac_Heads " , by January .
" Fortunately , Jackie_Chan has been more than understanding of his injury and agreed to push filming until January , " an official revealed .
Kwon_Sang_Woo was supposed to appear in a Hollywood action film beginning from the first quarter of 2012 .
However , the action film had some delays which allowed Kwon_Sang_Woo to focus on his Chinese projects .
When_Kwon_Sang_Woo returns to the U . S . he will begin reviewing the contracts with the Hollywood studio that will produce the action film .
Kwon_Sang_Woo was dressed in a simple but handsome suit while Son_Tae_Young sported a feminine , baby doll dress .
The_Asia_Model_Awards_Ceremony is a large event that features stars from 14 countries , including China , Japan , Taiwan , and Singapore .
He started his career in 2006 since then has been cast in various TV shows , short dramas and minor movie roles .
Lee_Min_Ho resolutely shows off powerful moves on top of a car during a ' junkyard action scene ' that will be shown in episode 19 of SBS drama City_Hunter , to be broadcasted on July 27 .
Lee_Min_Ho repeatedly did dangerous jumps from one car to the other .
Throughout the entire filming , Lee_Min_Ho did not use a stunt double and fought against 8 opponents subduing them .
The pouring rain a day earlier left a lot of puddles and mud on the location , making filming much rougher .
Due to the slippery condition , Lee_Min_Ho almost faced a crisis several times .
He also had to put up with burns when contacting with the surface of the cars that are heated up due to the sweltering heat .
City_Hunter ' s martial art director , Yang_Gil_Yeong PD said " Due to LMH ' s tall height , doing action scenes may actually work against him . "
However , since he is naturally nimble and has good reflexes , he ' s able to display action scenes excellently .
He ' s always sincere and hard working , he doesn ' t think about sparing his body , working with him I feel it ' s rewarding and enjoyable throughout the journey .
He became popular in Korea due to the drama DAMO and was loved more through the drama Phoenix / Bul_Sae .
At present , his role as King_Jeong - Jo ( Yi_San ) is very popular in many countries .
Yi_San ended with high ratings in South_Korea , Taiwan , Thailand , Turkey and Israel and is now currently making waves in Japan , Romania and in some other countries .
He emphasized , " I have always thought that I will repay my fans ' love one day because I have been loved by many people . "
Lee_Min_Ho , Moon_Chae_Won , author/professor Kim_Nan_Do , and NC Soft_Vice - President_Yoon_Song_Yi were given their certificate of appointment , as well as their legal robes , at the appointment ceremony yesterday .
At 6 ' 2 " ( 187 cm ) , Lee_Min_Ho towered over all the people at the event but tried to match his height with others during the photo - op .
Netizsens commented , " What a gentleman " , " He has such nice manners " , and " Oh the price of being too tall " .
Now on to its ninth year , the yearly charity enlists celebrities to pose with orphans , who the photographer calls " angels " , for an exhibit that promotes domestic adoption .
This year , these days , a lot of stars and angels have played in front of my camera .
Although the exhibit is yet to open , Cho_Sei_Hyun already shared some behind - the-scenes shots and short anecdotes as captions through Twitter .
Last year , celebrities who shot for the " Letters to Angels " campaign were Lee_Byung_Hun , Jang_Geun_Suk , Yoon_Si_Yoon , Han_Hyo_Joo , Lee_Seung_Ki , and Lee_Min_Jung , among others .
Over the years , singers and idols who have participated in the campaign include the Wonder_Girls ( 2007 ) , Kara and Big_Bang ' s G-Dragon and Tae_Yang ( 2009 . )
The exhibit photos are shot in the campaign ' s trademark black and white .
The " Letters to Angels " exhibit will run in Seoul from December 14 to 19 .
And to the new management I could not find the exact words to say to thank you earnestly .
In 2004 , So_Ji_Sub was cast in two immensely popular dramas called " What_Happened in Bali " and " I ' m Sorry , I_Love_You " .
This really brought him to the center of the spotlight in the acting industry as he began drawing attention from not just Korea , but from all over Asia .
Earlier today , a post , titled " Celebrities and Dogs that Resemble_Them " , has been the hot topic across several online communities .
The post included several photos of celebrities and dogs that resembled them .
As we reported earlier , So_Ji_Sub is the first South_Korean actor to release his very own personal magazine .
Bobby_Kim ' s entertainment agency revealed on March 9 that he and So_Ji_Sub would be doing a duet for So_Ji_Sub ' s upcoming mini album .
Bobby_Kim spoke of So_Ji_Sub ' s rapping , " He has a rhythmical rapping style and his musical knowledge is extraordinary . "
He wore a jean jacket with a jean shirt , and finished his vintage look with sunglasses and a cap .
Huh_Gak made a guest appearance at the event , as he featured in So_Ji_Sub ' s new album " Corona_Borealis " .
Approximately 10,000 Japanese fans gathered for this fan meeting and So_Ji_Sub greeted these excited fans with the songs from his newly released mini album .
The title song " The_Person_That_Loved_You " instantly topped several online music charts upon its release .
JYJ ' s Jaejoong is confirmed for the upcoming drama " Time_Slip_Doctor_Jin " .
He will play the role of Kim_Kyung_Tak , who is a type of military officer in the Joseon period .
Jaejoong ' s character Kim_Kyung_Tak is skilled in martial arts , very competitive , and also prideful .
Recently , Park_Min_Young was cast as the female main character in the MBC drama .
The drama is about how one of Korea ' s top surgeons , Jin_Hyuk , played by actor Song_Seung_Hun , who goes through various obstacles as he travels backwards in time .
According to the book , 2,000 men and women age fifteen and older , living in Tokyo and Osaka , were targeted for a Hallyu craze survey .
The 2012 Asia_Model_Awards_Ceremony was held with the slogan " Asia is One " and was dazzled with some of the top models and stars from many different Asian countries .
In the photos , the beautiful actress is a striking figure in a red dress made of soft fabric and black stilettos .
The black and white of his outfit perfectly complements the bright one on Choi_Ji_Woo ' s .
Netizens who have seen the pictures left comments such as " They are both appealing , no kidding " , and " They look like models " .
And then he went on , " I ' m telling this for the first time , but I have someone that I love actually . "
" Kuwazu_Kirai " is popular variety show where two guests appear to discuss their favorite and least favorite dishes .
On this show , Jang_Geun_Suk brought eel bowl rice , marinated raw crab , and red bean porridge .
Nobody knows about him not until September 2009 when " High_Kick 2 " started airing .
Then it was June to September of 2010 when the whole Korea recognized him as a widely known actor in " Baker_King , Kim_Tak_Goo " .
The drama drawed a peak rating of 50.8% and became the 4th highest rated Korean_Drama since the year 2000 .
According to the reports , MBC is planning to end " Me_Too , Flower " early since the drama is floundering on domestic ratings .
Actor_Kim_Jae_Won , who is currently recovering from a dislocated shoulder , is planning to visit his colleagues in " Me_Too , Flower " .
Local news agencies report that the actor , who sustained his injury while shooting for a scene in the drama , is quickly recovering .
" Happy_Noodle ' s " setting is mostly a famous noodle house in China , and portrays aspiring cooks trying to reach their dreams and goals to be the best cook .
My nights were also invaded with Korea novelas , but unlike Meteor_Garden I was not so in love with them .
At first I was fervent to watch My_Girlfriend is a Gumiho as I saw the trailer being played in Philippine-TV , I think it is being aired at this moment in the Philippines .
But after watching the first episode for almost an hour , it turns to be humdrum watching the same story with different actors and actresses .
This is being aired recently in the Philippines but didn ' t watch it as I can ' t catch up since I didn ' t start from the premier airing .
Hatred , anger and dispute will only give you more heart breaks and lost .
Learn to forgive and to let go , only these can make yourself free from loneliness .
I ' m so glad to be part of such an awesome forum .
I am one of the winners in the battle since i ' m still here .
We ' re very proud of our forum , where you can talk about relationships , fashion , cars ...
Like I said , the past fourteen years have been interesting , and we ' re about to enter another phase .
Kim_Hyun_Joong makes a surprise appearance at Japanese music stores .
I really hope this will continue to grow and be even more successful next year .
I can ' t believe that Park_Min_Young is dating with Lee_Min_Ho .
However , I ' m a bit angry at the fact that they broadcasted her apology .
Since she is a veteran actress , i don , t think she would leave the filming location .
KBS definitely need to treat artists as human beings more .
My favorite was hearing about the fans donating all that money for his birthday .
Now he start make my heart beat more faster than ever .
His kissing scene with Park_Shin_Hye is really amazing .
After that , Lee_Seung_Gi mimicked Moon_Hee_Ok ' s distinctive singing voice and rendered his own version .
In the spirit of fun , MC Boom asked Lee_Seung_Gi to continue singing the song .
Actor_Ryu_Shi_Won has been casted to play the main character of upcoming drama " Goodbye_Wifey " .
Cha_Seung_Hyuk was one of the most popular martial artists who was also adored by many women for his good looks .
He fell in love with a nun and the two lovebirds got married .
The love story of a martial arts champion and a nun drew the public ' s attention .
Ryu_Shi_Won will play the role of a husband who hates being told what to do by his wife and is always daydreaming about the " other life " .
Many fans are already excited to see such transformation in character .
Ryu_Shi_Won decided to take the role of Cha_Seung_Hyuk .
It seems like Ryu_Shi_Won was attached to this drama as soon as he read the script .
He ' s also really excited to portray a new kind of character , which he ' s never played before .
Watching his transformation into a decent guy would be interesting and attract many viewers .
" Goodbye_Wifey " is a romantic comedy about a mischievous husband who dreams of getting away from his wife to pursue his first love .
Why are there so many people who likes to criticized other people ?
It ' s normal , they are being just themselves , so there ' s no issue to talk about it .
Member_Eric stated , " Thank the fans who have made our comeback so fantastic . "
We will repay your patience and love with more spectacular performances .
Shinhwa ' s agency has revealed that it will be taking measure to stop the illegal sales .
He said , " The series of pictures was taken on the flight to Paris . "
Apart from meals , the members of T-ara slept through the 10-hour flight .
The pictures of T-ara have also caught fans ' and netizens ' attention .
T-ara is currently on the charts for their track , " Lovey_Dovey " .
He said , " SNSD didn ' t make a big fuss about it . "
In T-ara ' s case , their own manager took the pictures of them .
I doubt their manager would post it without asking for permission .
So we hope this technology will prove to be a fun and useful addition to our articles and forums .
Thanks to everyone who supported our Soompi_Shop launch last week .
Singer_Dia_Frampton has performed an exclusive cover of Girls ' Generation ' s " The_Boys " .
Singer_Dia_Frampton has had a lengthy history in the music industry .
She ' s been singing since the age of nine and started her first band with her older sister , Meg , at the age of 14 .
She recently won second place on the first season of NBC ' s reality show .
In the near future , you can look forward to items related to Big_Bang , Girls ' Generation , Beast , and more .
Soompi_Shop will continue to bring you new products every week from Korea .
Famed artist AJ Rafael and the Asian girl group Blush will be appearing .
Simon D has collaborated with Brown-Eyed Soul , Shin_Seung_Hun , Epik_High , and Brian .
He has collaborated with Talib_Kweli , Epik_High , and David_Choi .
Last but not least , Dumbfoundead has performed with Jay_Park , Drunken_Tiger , Atmosphere , and Jin .
Why did you decide to do a Girls ' Generation cover version ?
" The_Boys " is a fun dance track , and that ' s what I like about it .
The second you hear it you just want to stand up and dance .
She said , " Girls ' Generation , unlike me , are all awesome dancers . "
What were you doing before you auditioned for The_Voice ?
I was working at a bakery and coffee shop in New_York_City .
Do you visit Korea often and did your mother teach you Korean ?
I ' ve visited a few times before ; it ' s a beautiful city .
My mother didn ' t teach me Korean , since she had just moved to the US and was trying to learn English .
Now I ' m trying to learn Korean and I ' m finding that I ' m picking it up quite quickly .
My mom cooks a lot of Korean food at home , and luckily , I was able to learn .
I also love to make my own kimchi and cucumber kimchi .
What advice has he given you for your music career ?
I am currently on tour with him now , opening his shows .
I get to go back onstage with him and sing a duet from my album called , " I_Will " .
He has been nothing but supportive and I just feel so lucky to have the opportunity to work with him .
He is a great performer and I really look up to him .
They all love him , and he gives that love right back to them .
Usually when I ' m home , I ' ll read a book a week .
I also love to cook , walk my dog , hang out with my little sisters , play the piano , do yoga , and write short stories .
What ' s one random thing about you most people don ' t know ?
I ' ve just been touring for so long and living in a little apartment .
So far I have a few dishes , some coffee cups , paintings , two quilts , four pillows and a lamp .
I love touring and I love playing music for people .
Even with a good voice I still can ' t stand it , the lyrics are so bad .
I ' d love to hear Dia sing a cover version of the Wonder_Girls ' Be_My_Baby ! !
Eight years later , I guess I will still be in Korea , or maybe in the US .
SHINee ' s Key told me he also wanted to work with me .
So I thought about collaborating with Key in the future and I think it ' s going to be fun .
I don ' t think I have great expectations of being a solo artist .
When I can ' t fall asleep , I do everything possible to put be to sleep .
For example , I heard sprinkling aroma scent spray on your pillow causes sleep , so I tried that .
What type of music , other than pop , would you like to present in the future ?
I ' m most into that type of music , and that ' s why I came up with it .
But I ' m not sure what kind of music I ' ll start to like in the future .
So I think I ' ll come back with the music I ' m most influenced by .
It had been a dream come true if I won the tickets .
I am a big fan of the CN Blue and FT band .
It can not be described in words how happy I was .
They are also those who made me start to learn Korean .
It had been the best thing that had happened in my life .
I don ' t want to miss the opportunity to be part of this historic event .
This would be the greatest gift anyone could give me besides the gifts my parents give me .
Seeing them will be a fantastic event that will make everyday a blissful one .
I love Kpop and how it brings people together from all around the world which helps me enjoy life so much more .
They were the first two stars along with Park_Shin_Hye that I love with when my friends introduced me to these Korean dramas .
This will be their debut and it would be an interesting performance .
I was so upset knowing I wouldn ' t be able to afford a ticket to go .
He said , " It will be the greatest gift I could ask for . "
Young_Hwa is my favorite Korean actor of all time .
Her birthday already passed and I couldn ' t get her a present .
Out of all the idol groups out , her only favorite is F . T .
He said , " I would love to give her tickets to see the show . "
I ' d love to win tickets along with my friend who also love the band .
At this moment I cannot afford to buy tickets for me and my sister .
And we have both liked both bands for a very long time .
I am an FT Island fan and have always wish that I could attend a concert .
I truly think both bands are very talented and the concert would be an amazing experience .
I hope I get a chance to see them all perform .
And I think the best way is to win these tickets .
Thank you for your time in reading this , and for your consideration .
Held in beautiful Jeju_Island at International_Convention_Center , the show aims not only to showcase the best and newest songs in K-Pop , but also to promote Korea ' s tourist industry .
The guest list will include not only the top names in K-Pop , but also foreign artists .
Brown_Eyed_Girls ' Miryo , is releasing her first solo album on February 1 .
To celebrate the album launch , Miryo herself has agreed to answer Soompiers ' personal questions .
We will choose the best ones , and Miryo will answer them in an exclusive video message for Soompi .
Grab the one you love and give him or her a big squeeze on February 14 .
However , it was the flawless Kim_Tae_Hee who topped the overall poll .
In fact , Sidus HQ was so impressed by the voice of the contestants from last year ' s Ulzzang contest .
The talented singer departed Seoul on October 8 to perform at the New_York .
G.NA , DBSK , BEAST , SHINee , 4minute , and SISTAR will perform , and Hyori and Hwang_Soo_Kyung will serve as emcees .
IU wore the dress while emceeing SBS Inkigayo on September 11 .
She accessorized with a maroon flowered headband , making her more attractive .
Japan is made up of more than 3,000 islands , the biggest being Honshu , Hokkaido , Kyushu and Shikoku .
Kyoto represents the ancient ways , dotted with golden temples and wooden streets .
However , Ueno_Park , Ginza_Tower , the Meiji_Shrine and the Tsukiji_Fish_Market still impress .
There are hundreds of temples , as well as castles and insights into the samurai and geisha lifestyles .
The best news is that Japan is one of the safest places in the world for kids , and it ' s hard to imagine a more welcoming atmosphere .
There are numerous international airports , though from the UK , flights usually land into Tokyo or Osaka ( Kansai ) .
Tickets can be bought online at the JR site ( www.japanrail.com ) - it ' s best to book in advance .
At_Abu_Qir , a small fishing town , you can sunbath , fish , swim and eat fresh seafood .
The name is extracted from the Arabic word " marmar " which means marble .
Delegates coming to attend conferences may combine tourism with attending conferences .
Visa fees are not refundable except in cases where a visa already issued is cancelled thereafter .
These are indicative prices , please confirm with the Local_Indian_Embassy .
Phuket has a major International_Airport , hotels of all categories , excellent infrastructure , shopping centres , excellent nightlife , marina , movie cinema and a wide choice of recreation activities .
The designer of Kate_Middleton ' s wedding dress , Sarah_Burton , was keen to emphasise the " Britishness " of her creation - but a group of lace - makers in France are also very proud of their contribution .
The modest town south of Lille has been known for centuries in certain circles for its exquisite lace - making .
Kate_Middleton ' s gown had " Caudry " stamped all over it - at least , if you have the eyes of an expert lace - maker .
" I knew as soon as I saw it , " Christophe_Machu told me at his family company , Solstiss .
The bodice also had the distinctive pattern of Sophie_Hallett , the town ' s other international lace - maker .
Some 2,000 lace motifs from both of Caudry ' s lace - makers were used to make the dress even more uncopiable .
Couture lace - making , I learned , is a hush - hush world of closely guarded patterns and generations of worker loyalty .
Grace_Kelly ' s wedding dress featured lace from Caudry , and it is rumoured Kate was keen for her designer Sarah_Burton to take that as inspiration .
Hollywood actress Grace_Kelly married Prince_Rainier of Monaco in 1956 .
Today the world ' s leading designers still come for intricate embellishments - Lanvin , Balmain , Gucci - all worked on in utmost discretion .
While I was waiting for Christophe , someone shut the sample cupboard doors .
A mechanic , John_Heathcoat , invented a machine to do the labour - intensive work of female lace - makers .
Two hundred years on , this noisy part of the process is still a male domain .
Employees at the Solstiss factory work on a piece of lace Christophe described the machinery he worked on as he was growing up .
He gestured to the white lace inching out of the metiers , his hands black with the graphite which keeps everything running smoothly .
Another fairytale image - women this time , sitting in the quiet , surrounded by mounds of patterned and coloured lace , scrutinising stretches of it for tiny imperfections and then invisibly mending them .
Posters on the walls confirmed the wedding scoop to staff .
I later spoke to a beaming Renee_Pierrard , who has spent 45 years at Solstiss .
He told me , " When I saw the lace on the television and in the magazines , I said , ' It ' s Caudry ! ' I ' m very proud for our town because people everywhere will know of our skills . "
Group A includes the Promotion_Fund of Vietnamese_Football_Talents team , Ha_Noi , Song_Lam_Nghe_An and Dong_Thap_Rubber_Corporation .
In_Group B , Viettel join Lam_Dong , Long_An and Ha_Noi T& T .
On_August 31 , they will leave for China ' s Kunming and play two friendly matches against a local team before arriving in HCM City for the tournament on September 13-22 .
Vietnam have been drawn in Group A with Myanmar , Singapore and the Philippines .
Ha_Noi T& T took the first position of SHB Da_Nang after beating Dong_Thap 3-1 at Cao_Lanh_Stadium in the 23rd round of V-League Eximbank yesterday .
Nguyen_Cao_Thien of Navibank_Sai_Gon vies for the ball against Ngo_Hoang_Thinh of Song_Lam_Nghe_An .
The two sides drew 1-1 in the 23rd round of V-League on Saturday .
They now get 45 points , one more than SHB Da_Nang , who surprisingly lost 1-2 to Kien_Giang yesterday .
In first minutes of the match , the two sides tried to open the score but their efforts were in vain .
In the 23rd minute , Nguyen_Van_Quyet received the ball and shot the first goal .
In the second half , Dong_Thap players overflowed into the guests ' territory and in the 58th minute Hodges_Devon_Derron headed the ball to equal the score .
The hosts dreamed of a win to extend the distance from relegation .
It brought an opportunity for Ha_Noi T& T to get two goals on counter - attacks thanks to Nguyen_Ngoc_Duy and Samson_Kayode in the 61st and 90th minute .
This loss caused Dong_Thap to replace Khatoco_Khanh_Hoa in the penultimate position .
With three goals in the second half , Khanh_Hoa won over Hoang_Anh_Gia_Lai to earn 25 points , taking 11th place in the rankings .
Vicem_Hai_Phong , who will surely be moved to the First_Division , played well with the support of their fans on their home ground on Saturday .
They defeated Thanh_Hoa 2 - 0 thanks to foreign players Edmund_Owusu_Ansah and Kavin_Elroy_Bryan .
In other matches , Navibank_Sai_Gon drew 1-1 with Song_Lam_Nghe_An on Saturday .
Binh_Duong beat Ninh_Binh 2-1 and Ha_Noi FC lost 0 - 1 to Sai_Gon_Xuan_Thanh yesterday .
The experts have been travelling across the country , starting from Ho_Chi_Minh_City , to seek out young football players to participate in the second round of the programme , which will run until July 29 .
He stood for four hours in the blazing sun and sweltering 40oC heat in the central province of Nghe_An watching children play football .
So far , 62 young players have been chosen by the three trainers .
All of them were born in 1998 and 1999 and have strong wills as well as a genuine love for the sport .
The final stage of the programme to select the best players to receive scholarships to the Academy is scheduled for Thong_Nhat_Stadium in Ho_Chi_Minh_City from August 6-8 .
Besides acquiring football techniques , the scholarship winners will also study foreign languages , including English , French , Spanish and Arabic , as well as sports medicine , biology , economics , marketing , communications and sports management .
During their three - year stay at the Academy , the students will receive a monthly scholarship of US$ 275 for the first year , US$ 300 in the second and US$ 325 in the third .
Their families will also be provided with US$ 5,000 - US$ 6,000 per year .
Arseni came to Vietnam in 2006 as the first assistant of the Barcelona B team competing in the Honda_Cup tournament in Hanoi .
He was a teammate of Barcelona head coach Vilanova and trained the world ' s best player , Lionel_Messi , when he was on the club ' s U14 - team .
SHB Da_Nang keep their top position on the rankings after beating Becamex_Binh_Duong 1 - 0 in the 22nd round of V-League Eximbank at Chi_Lang_Stadium yesterday , July 22 .
During the first half a 27m shot from Tan_Dien in the 33rd minute was easily blocked by goalkeeper Dang_Dinh_Duc .
In the second half , SHB Da_Nang poured on the pressure but failed to open the score .
However , in the 87th minute , after constant attacks , their efforts paid off .
Hai_Phong let things run their course and were defeated 0 - 2 on Saturday .
SGXT celebrated a victory over Dong_Thap_Rubber_Corporation 4 - 0 at Cao_Lanh_Stadium on Saturday .
Kienlongbank_Kien_Giang and Khatoco_Khanh_Hoa , who are also in danger of relegation , both couldn ' t earn a win .
At_Kien_Giang_Stadium yesterday , the hosts needed three points to get out of danger while Song_Lam_Nghe_An ( SLNA ) wanted three more points to improve their position .
Kien_Giang played with determination but their simple way of playing couldn ' t breach the SLNA defence .
The guests fulfilled their dreams with goals from Hughton_Hector , Hoang_Van_Binh and Dickson_Nwakaeme in the 9th , 28th and 90th minutes .
At_Thong_Nhat_Stadium yesterday , Khatoco_Khanh_Hoa tried their best to score a goal against Navibank_Sai_Gon .
However , the only goal of the match was from the hosts ' Phan_Van_Tai_Em .
In other matches , The_Vissai_Ninh_Binh won over Hoang_Anh_Gia_Lai 2-1 and Ha_Noi_Football_Club defeated Thanh_Hoa with the same score .
Besides the The_Cong FC , the Saigon_Port is one of the two eldest and the most beloved football clubs in Vietnam .
The_The_Cong FC has no longer existed while the Saigon_Port was on the bank of collapse .
Actually , the name " Saigon_Port " does not exist at present but its members or its " soul " are now players of the HCM City FC .
However , this FC , which has the last vestiges of the legendary Saigon_Port is struggling to survive .
The 2012 football season is nearly close and the HCM City FC is among the teams at the bottom of the ranking list of the First_Division_Tournament , one of the two key football tournaments in Vietnam .
However , the biggest problem of this team is not whether it can stay with the First_Division_Tournament in the next season but whether it can exist or is dissolved because of lacking fund .
In the first stage of the First_Division_Tournament , the Sacombank poured VND 5 billion ( $ 250,000 ) into this FC , to pay salary for its players until the tournament ends .
Some anonymous sources said that the HCM City authorities asked Sacombank to save the team .
However , the local government cannot give more money to this football club because many other businesses in the city also need financial assistance .
The FC needs at least VND 20 billion ( $ 1 million ) to maintain its normal operation annually .
Players are paid but the HCM City FC has to pay many other things , from traveling cost , accommodations , etc .
To save the team , its managing director Nguyen_Chi_Kien , who is the General_Director of the Southern_Steel - Saigon_Port_Football JS Company , had to mortgage his car and his house to borrow from bank .
However , Kien ' s financial capability is limited and he is the only one who accepts to pay for the team .
Kien has tried every means and he has to give up now .
The HCM City FC used to have sponsors and be owned by a big business - the Vietnam_Steel_Corporation .
This corporation was only interested in the team on its first days investing in football , in 2004-2005 .
Since then , it has gradually cut down investment in the FC .
They promised a lot at the beginning but they have not allocated money to the team .
Since I joined this FC , the assets of mine and my family have been reducing or have been used as mortgages to borrow money from banks to pay salary and bonus for footballers .
" I ' m sinking deeper into debt , " managing director Nguyen_Chi_Kien said .
Kien said the Vietnam_Steel_Corporation has transferred all of its shares on the HCM City FC to him while Kien wanted to sell the shares to other partners .
Our foreign players have not paid just a coin of transfer fees .
Several days ago , I liquidated an employment contract with a foreign player though we have not paid transfer fee and owed him one and a half month of salary .
" If the local government does not help , our team will die , " Kien said .
The FC ' s coach , Mr . Srdan_Zinojnov from Serbia , has not received his salary for a long time .
In the economic crisis , the HCM City FC is facing big difficulties because HCM City administration has to take care of hundreds of businesses , not only this FC .
For the local government , the HCM City FC is a business like other businesses , which are complaining of lacking capital .
According to statistics , hundred businesses in the city are dissolved each day .
If the city rescues the FC , it will have to rescue hundred businesses that are also on the verge of bankruptcy .
In fact , the city has several times poured capital into the team but giving more money is not the best way to save the HCM City FC .
The best solution , according to managing director Kien , is to seek a new sponsor or a new investor .
In this difficult time , it is difficult to find out a sponsor or an investor .
The fate of the HCM City FC or the legendary Saigon_Port FC is like a candle in the wind .
The_Cong is the collective name for numerous sports clubs that were founded within the Vietnam_People ' s Army .
With strong tradition of sports in the Army , The_Cong possesses a very long and rich history .
Among the clubs , the football team is regarded as one of the best in the history of Vietnamese football .
The football club also has one of the strongest and most loyal fan - bases in the country .
More than a month later , 25 October , the team had its first match on Hang_Day_Stadium , Hanoi .
In 2004 , 50 years after its foundation , the club finished V-League at 11th place ( out of 12 ) and was relegated to the lower division .
After that , the club changed its name to The_Cong_Viettel FC after its new sponsor Viettel_Mobile - the Army_Electronics and Telecommunication_Corporation .
On_January 19 , 2006 , the club finally gained the right to be promoted back to V-League after winning over Tay_Ninh 5-3 .
Immediately thereafter , the official team name was reversed back to The_Cong .
The_Cong is the most successful club in Vietnam with five V-League titles and thirteen championship titles of the former League A of North_Vietnam .
The club has also contributed many great players to the Vietnam_National_Football_Team .
In 2010 , Viettel_Mobile put the club up for sell and was bought by V-League club Lam_Son_Thanh_Hoa .
Some of the players moved to the new owners ' club , while some on the roster protested they would never play for the new owners .
The_Youth squad will play for the newly formed club Viettel_Football_Center in the Vietnam_Second_Division .
The HCM City-based football team was established on November 1 , 1975 , under the name Saigon_Port_Workers ' Football_Team .
On_January 22 , 2009 , it was again re - named into the HCM City FC .
The name change was fiercely protested by the team ' s fans because Saigon_Port is a spiritual assets and a big trademark , but they could not stop that because the Saigon_Port could not afford to maintain the team .
Under the guidance of Portuguese coach Henrique_Calisto , Vietnam became the top team in Southeast_Asia in 2008 , after it won the championship of the AFF Cup .
Calisto left Vietnam in 2011 but the team still works on the values built up by the Portuguese coach .
Most of the team ' s members are still old faces from 2008 , for example goalkeeper Duong_Hong_Son , fullbacks Quang_Thanh and Viet_Hung , midfielders Thanh_Luong and Tan_Tai , strikers Viet_Thang and Cong_Vinh .
After the AFF Cup 2008 , Cong_Vinh has suffered a lot of wounds .
The audience is interested in his love story with singer Thuy_Tien rather than his football career .
Goalkeeper_Hong_Son is criticized for his lack of eagerness to contribute to the national team .
Thanh_Luong and Tan_Tai ' s performance has not been as good as before .
The team is now led by Calisto ' s assistant , Phan_Thanh_Hung , who is said to be highly influenced by Calisto ' s style , while Calisto ' s playing - style has become familiar to Vietnam ' s rivals .
Hung has recruited several new players - Van_Quyet , Buu_Ngoc , Trong_Hoang , Duy_Nam - but experts said that the number of new faces is not enough to make big changes in the team .
In the last four years , besides several new players , the Vietnamese team has been the same .
The playing - style is the same , personnel are the same and the goal is also the same : being the AFF champion .
" The team is getting old day by day , " said expert Nguyen_Van_Vinh .
The_Philippines has recruited many foreign players for the national team , through giving them the Filipino citizenship .
To be successful at the AFF Cup 2012 , Vietnam has to prepare carefully .
Song_Lam_Nghe_An will host five other teams in Group A , including Ha_Noi T& T , Quang_Ninh and Vicem_Hai_Phong .
Group B with six teams , held in Da_Nang_City , includes SHB Da_Nang , Thua_Thien - Hue and Hoang_Anh_Gia_Lai .
Khatoco_Khanh_Hoa share Group C with Navibank_Sai_Gon , Dong_Nai and Ba_Ria - Vung_Tau .
Group D , to be held in Long_An , contains seven teams including Dong_Tam_Long_An , Vinh_Long and Can_Tho .
The teams will compete in a round - robin format , before the group winners and the top two second placed teams progress to the quarter finals .
The qualifying round will take place from September 1-15 and the final round will be held from September 25 to October 5 .
Disabled_Vietnamese athletes will be awarded prize money by sponsors Thai_Son_Nam_Trading_Company and T& T_Corporation if they win medals at the London_Paralympics .
They will receive VND 600 million ( nearly US$ 29,000 ) for a gold medal , VND 400 million ( $ 19,000 ) for every silver medal and VND 200 million ( $ 9,600 ) for each bronze medal .
The HCM City_Department of Culture , Sports and Tourism is also sponsoring its athletes VND 30 million ( $ 1,440 ) each .
There are 11 Vietnamese athletes who will compete in swimming , athletics and weightlifting events at the Games .
The_Paralympic_Games will take place in London from August 29 to September 9 .
The operator of Vietnam ' s professional football leagues , Vietnam_Professional_Football_Co ( VPF ) , will ink an agreement for cooperation with its counterpart of the Japan ' s national football league , J-League , on August 7 , the Vietnam_Football_Federation has said .
VFF used to have a German technical director 12 years ago - Mr . Rainer_Willfeld .
Willfeld came to Vietnam under a cooperation program between Vietnam and Germany .
His salary - $ 5,000 / month - was paid by the German_Football_Federation and a German company .
However , in his four years in Vietnam , VFF did not assign any important mission to this German expert .
After_Willfeld left Vietnam in 2004 , VFF has not recruited any technical director .
The federation wants to have a foreign technical director but it insists to hire a local coach for the men ' s national team .
It is nearly sure that Phan_Thanh_Hung will be chosen as the official coach of the men ' s national team after several months working as a temporary coach .
The coach of the men ' s national team will be named in August so the team will have sufficient time to prepare for the AFF Cup 2012 , which will take place in Malaysia and Thailand from November 24 to December 24 .
Last year , the three transferred to Navibank_Saigon , which earmarked more than VND 50 billion for the deals .
But the men now say they ' re still waiting for payment , including the bonuses for winning their six last matches .
They have an outside chance to take the title , but it will be difficult to pull off and require a lot of luck .
To defend their crown , Nghe_An must win all matches and Da_Nang must lose four while the other teams will have lack lustre .
The draw for the AFF Cup 2012 final round took place in Bangkok , Thailand on July 11 , to define members of the two groups of the largest football event in Southeast_Asia .
According to draw rules , the two host teams - Thailand and Malaysia - must be in different groups .
The_Southeast_Asian_Football_Federation ( AFF ) also places the two top football teams in the latest FIFA rankings - Vietnam and Indonesia - in two different groups .
As the two seeds , the Philippines and Singapore are also not in the same group .
Finally , the A group includes host Thailand , Vietnam , the Philippines and the top team of the qualifier round .
In the B group , host Malaysia will compete with Indonesia , Singapore and the second team of the qualifier round .
The final round will be held in Malaysia and Thailand from November 24 to December 1 .
The two leading teams of each group will enter the semi - finals , in the round - robin form .
Before the final round , the qualifier round will take place in Myanmar from October 3 to 10 to select two of the five teams ( Myanmar , Laos , Cambodia , East_Timor and Brunei ) for the final round .
According to football experts , Myanmar and Laos are potential teams .
In the second half , SLNA attacked to get a goal , but their rivals played defence effectively .
In the 47th minute , Hector scored a goal but the referees did not recognise it due to his offside position .
Each sector should build their own training models based on their enterprises .
They should also encourage enterprises to participate in training activities .
For example , German companies had plans to take on Vietnamese apprentices in their factories , who would gain full time employment after they graduated .
